take the risks implied sectarian participation in the turkish army has no interest in the fighting in iraq .
to be left erdogan has no intention of this trap drawn .
while the vote for small tax and social makes it provides a standard cost to non - vote vote rational around the world .
the australian want to be forced to vote .
moreover , the light is no longer an uncompromising for women who work and family 's only option for business environment .
much of the world 's largest and a half , they 1.8 , with the $ 1 trillion over the past year .
the paradox is that today are not yet riches reserves of local that can be used to stimulate the real economy .
both us recession in the light of experience a slowdown will most likely , as was true of the last two years .
but do not see carbon taxes being adoption .
faced with such a potential chinese authorities challenge is to gain or lose prestige of this magnitude would never know what to do .
if it defines the global economy like china and the us will raises the question for all of this applies to replace the rules of the world 's leading power .
this is a confrontation with the us and europe 's unsustainable precipitate proportions ( and , sooner or later ) .
the more centralized political power is more , not hinder the development of the central markets .
instead , markets might well have opposed effect on the development of a political integration .
but they also want to weaken and has now seems to be back into the pact 's problems .
internally , for their part , and china will continue to generate high - quality financial assets and their ability to develop their financial markets .
clearly , the second option is preferable .
during the asian financial crisis was overvalued and that the burden of brazilian argentine decidedly devaluation in early 1999 .
that they had a current - account deficit and debt burden - up of a greek literally proportions .
all this , because it has been a period of political stability , considered the historical parameters exceptional that he is regarded as possible .
governments have so far , published in neither willing nor any pipeline cameroon , chad 's record of state revenue relative to the project in .
for starters , the us now possesses a friend and a true ally in the élysée palace .
turkey as an opportunity to reconciled aware of this period of time to give the union .
it gives rise to what is stronger turkey 's muslim population emotions .
one day in turn to fundamentalist turkey has also been fears that the islamists .
the new currency 's term , established in 1998 , the european central bank run the need to maintain price stability .
more than 25 % of its between 2000 and 2005 , the dollar against the euro lost value .
it may want to follow through a massive keynesian political deficit - financed by traditional fiscal stimulus in one country , and a serious downturn .
moreover , the current economic crisis that has been done in the european union 's need to speak of tax that becomes competition .
it as a high - income countries might cause enough to want out .
international economic has never been easy to reach agreements .
for the young citizens , particularly islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed .
first , the us should be able to keep the war conventional how much ?
even in the us has an bipartisan in japan , and this strategy based on surveys show that has endured a wide acceptance .
nevertheless , the alliance faces three major challenges in a new external environment .
the situation in a systemic crisis will most likely deteriorates and what can prevent ?
how , exactly , but it is at the heart of the new economy ?
it is not surprising that are more than half of america 's most respected companies .
why some trust was meant to the world war ii in the future ?
they point from late and may produce more effective than it wrong to fight against poverty and specific job creation of resources to eliminate entitlement programs .
according to the world food program , 70 % of the population lack food security .
in theory , building girls could be schools for roughly half of the education gap in these areas , eliminated .
the benefits are being estimates that just six times higher than the costs .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election results .
the challenge that women are regularly double sexual harassment and sexual doom the moral strongly support efforts to compete in the labor market .
after all , women have had come to the top of the will force and long - time .
as in 2008 , and the evolution of our economic system that unions are wants to be a key factor in the coming years .
there is no doubt that the world has seen in recent decades progress on several fronts .
in many cases of the gaps are even more generally , however , are large and growing inequality .
unfortunately , the summit will most likely to be lost an opportunity .
our environmental threat is at all major global warming .
france has lost from the costs of the additional jobs and economic models show that so many or more .
this has lasted for two decades .
so the new deal uribe , it has failed to defend the military .
since the electoral process has been conducted in march that he is not a zimbabwean government in the continuance of a constitutional manner .
