take the risks implied sectarian participation in the turkish army has no interest in the fighting in iraq .
to be left erdogan has no intention of this trap drawn .
small tax and social rational makes it provides a standard cost to vote for the vote at the time to non - vote around the world .
the australian want to be forced to vote .
moreover , an uncompromising light is no longer for women who work and family 's only option for business environment .
last year 's 1.8 came to much larger , along with the $ 1 trillion , and a half of the world .
today are not yet riches reserves of local that can be used to stimulate the paradox is that the real economy .
so much of the last two years , as occurred in the light of experience a slowdown will most likely us recession .
but do not see carbon taxes being adoption .
faced with such potential to gain or lose from a challenge is that chinese authorities never know what to do this magnitude prestige .
global power will replace applies to all of this raises the question of whether defined by the united states as china and the rules of the global economy .
eventually , and this is a confrontation with the us and europe 's unsustainable precipitate proportions ( ) .
the more centralized political power is more , not hinder the development of the central markets .
instead , political integration could have an impact on the development of the opposite markets .
now it seems that the country back into the pact . but it has also weaken problems and
internally , for their part , and china will generate high - quality financial assets and their ability to develop their financial markets .
clearly , the second option is preferable .
during the asian financial crisis was overvalued and that the burden of brazilian argentine decidedly devaluation in early 1999 .
that they had a current - account deficit and debt burden - up of a greek literally proportions .
all this , has been viewed as possible , thanks to the historical parameters exceptional that he is regarded as a period of political stability .
neither willing nor any of state revenue relative to the project 's record in governments have so far , published in pipeline cameroon , chad .
for starters , now possesses a friend and a true in the us ally élysée palace .
turkey as an opportunity to give the union reconciled aware of this period of time .
it gives rise to what is stronger turkey 's muslim population emotions .
one day in turn to fundamentalist turkey has also been fears that the islamists .
the new currency 's term , established in 1998 , the european central bank run the need to maintain price stability .
between 2000 and 2005 , more than 25 % of the dollar against the euro lost his nerve .
traditional fiscal stimulus in one country , and may want to follow through a massive keynesian political deficit - financed by a serious downturn .
he will need to the current economic crisis has , in addition , the european union 's talk about the tax that becomes competition .
it as a high - income countries might cause enough to want out .
international economic has never been easy to reach agreements .
for the young citizens , particularly islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed .
first , the us should be able to keep the war conventional how much ?
even in the us has an bipartisan in japan , and this strategy based on surveys show that has endured a wide acceptance .
nevertheless , the alliance faces three major challenges in a new external environment .
what will most likely deteriorates and in the situation can prevent a systemic crisis ?
how , exactly , but it is at the heart of the new economy ?
it is not surprising that america 's most respected companies are more than half of .
why some trust was meant to the world war ii in the future ?
entitlement programs and to eliminate poverty , and may produce more effective than it wrong to release funds for purposes of fighting specific job creation .
according to the world food program , 70 % of the population lack food security .
in theory , about half of building girls could be schools , for education gap in these areas , eliminated .
the benefits are being estimates that just six times higher than the costs .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election results .
women who regularly double sexual harassment and sexual doom the moral strongly support the challenge efforts to compete in the labor market .
after all , women have the will of the top force and long - time to come .
as unions are wants to be a key factor in the coming years in 2008 , and the evolution of our economic system .
there is no doubt that the world has seen in recent decades progress on several fronts .
in many cases of large gaps are growing inequality . but they are even more generally , and the
unfortunately , the summit will most likely to be lost an opportunity .
our environmental threat is at all major global warming .
france has lost from the additional jobs and economic models show that the costs of so many or more .
this has lasted for two decades .
so the military 's new deal uribe , it has failed to defend .
since the electoral process has been conducted in march in a zimbabwean government that he is not the continuance of a constitutional manner .
